[Music]
now if you find school challenging this
will give you lots of hope
check out YC students are more
successful than a students after
graduation it's true hey if you want to
be successful in life you need to study
hard and get good grades to land the
perfect job we've been brainwashed with
that our whole lives our parents believe
that education is important so they tell
us that we need to excel in our
academics in order to get a diploma and
that diploma is our ticket to high
paying jobs simply put you have to be an
A student to be successful in life
however according to Robert Kiyosaki
author of why a student's work for C
students and B students work for the
government it's really the other way
around
it's a students that end up being
employed by C students
we're as baffled as you are so we
decided to investigate further we found
8 reasons why C students are often more
successful in life now before we get
into all that go ahead and hit that
subscribe button and turn on post
notifications so that you'll always be
the first to see our updates counting
down from number 8 C students questioned
the significance of the academic system
yes they still go to school but they
don't blindly trust the educational
system they see it as a factory that
produces obedient and compliant workers
C students don't want to be molded by
that they question why they need to find
X in a math equation when all they want
to know is how to earn money C students
are more interested in a straightforward
approach and unfortunately for them
academia doesn't offer that they hack
their way into the system by taking on
odd jobs or learning outside of school
they're more sold on the Pratt
approach than the theoretical method and
thanks to the Internet it's now becoming
even easier for C students to do it
their own way you can earn a degree or
certificate based on your interests or
passions through online courses at your
own pace right in the comfort of your
own home you can even start your own
business online while studying number
seven they're not afraid to fail or get
bad grades you know the saying if at
first you don't succeed pick yourself up
and try again or something like that hey
this could match perfectly with C
student mentality
well a student's aim for perfection on
their first try C students aren't afraid
to fail even several times they embrace
their shortcomings and learn from them
the problem with aiming for perfection
from the get-go is that you're much more
devastated when you fail instead of
getting everything perfect at once C
students know they can improve what
they're doing every time they fall short
they believe mistakes are the stepping
stones to success and that experience is
a great teacher if C students can handle
their mistakes easily then they possess
a characteristic every entrepreneur must
have which brings us to our next point
number six C students are risk takers
for C students life isn't like a
standardized test with a strict answer
sheet they treat life as a game with
unexpected twists and turns and in the
game of life you don't always have
options a through D choose the correct
alternative a students like to play it
safe to avoid failure yet C students who
receive their fair share of F's in their
academic life aren't afraid to leap into
the unknown
they take calculated risks to figure out
what they really want in life since they
don't excel in academics C students find
other ways to get ahead
a lot of them have experimented with
different jobs to find out which one
suits them best a typical a student is
more likely to finish school go on to
college get a degree in some field and
start working in that sphere as soon as
they graduate but how can they know that
this particular job is their calling
number five they're not submissive
followers we've established the fact
that C students don't fully trust the
academic system since it basically
teaches you to submissively regurgitate
the answers that teachers expect of you
while this might be fine for a students
since they want that teacher to give
them the all-powerful a/c students tend
to do the opposite
they are the unpredictable group that
questions everything they're not the yes
group they're more like the yesBut team
just look at what Mark Zuckerberg and
Bill Gates did they dropped out of
college to pursue their own dreams they
didn't stay within the lines but blaze
their own Trail instead number 4 C
students have people skills another
factor that differentiates a lot of a
students from C students is that the C's
tend to have better social skills
besides experimenting in the workforce
they also devote themselves to building
networks that can benefit them in the
long run when they enter the real world
a students believe they've got
everything they need and can perform any
task efficiently on their own because
they have validation from their report
card C students however admit they need
help from those that are more skilled
than them this is why C students
appreciate people and know how to treat
them
when they interact with others they make
sure the other party feels important in
value they have a certain charm that
draws people toward them characteristics
every leader should have number three
they find simpler ways to get things
done see students tend to be lazy they
don't want to put much energy into
accomplishing a task they'd rather be
investing their time and effort in
pursuing their dream this doesn't mean
they procrastinate instead they search
for simpler and more effective solutions
to a problem and their ways are often
the most ingenious they're more
innovative than a students who tend to
go by the book Bill Gates is a firm
believer in this he said choose a lazy
person to do a hard job because a lazy
person will find an easy way to do it
how true number two see students are
dreamers teachers favored reprimanding
phrase to see students is pay attention
they're always caught looking out the
window and staring blankly into space
sure they can listen to a lecture but
they won't devote themselves to it why
to see students minds wander so easily
they're more interested in thinking
about what they want to do in life
rather than being stuck in the four
walls of a glass arrow they already have
a blueprint of their future after they
graduate and number one they have their
own definition of success see students
don't buy into the whole straight A's
equal success line sure education is
important but they know there are other
means to becoming successful outside the
classroom they pursue their ambitions
using unorthodox methods through
part-time jobs networking or self-study
see students possess skills that every
entrepreneur should have they're risk
takers dreamers innovators people
persons and they're not afraid of
failure
this is why see students make great
bosses while a students become their
employees see students decide what they
want done and a students are good at
taking and following these instructions
in our digital age where almost
everything is driven by technology
getting good grades is taking the back
burner while acquiring relevant skills
is becoming more and more valuable sure
employers still do consider if you have
a degree but they're not concerned if
you did it with flying colors or not
that's an added bonus yes but what
they're looking for is work experience
you've gathered through the years and
the skills you've acquired from doing so
LinkedIn CEO Jeff whiner hit the nail on
the head when he put it simply skills
not degrees the things you've learned in
school or college aren't always
transferable in real life will you find
a job by finding X and that's why C
students are often more successful than
eight students of course people aren't
so easily put into perfectly labeled
boxes there are a lot of C students out
there that don't become hugely
successful entrepreneurs at the same
time plenty of a students do find
success in life what's important here is
that success takes personal Drive and
determination
instead of focusing on the grades focus
on your passion in life and getting the
skills and knowledge you need to achieve
your goals and make your dreams come
true
so what about you
are or were you a C student a straight-a
student or somewhere in between a in
high school I was in the half of the
class that made the top half possible ah
but in college I made the Dean's List a
few times probably I found something I
liked
now do you agree with the points
discussed in this video let us know in
the comments below don't forget to give
this video a like if you found it useful
and send it to all your friends
subscribe to our Channel and join us on
the bright side of life out of life